Add Terraform Cloud integration docs (#30102)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/settings/terraform-cloud.html.md

---
layout: "language"
page_title: "Terraform Cloud Configuration - Terraform Settings - Configuration Language"
sidebar_current: "docs-config-terraform"
description: "The nested `cloud` block configures Terraform's integration with Terraform Cloud."
---

# Terraform Cloud Configuration

> The main module of a Terraform configuration can integrate with Terraform Cloud to enable its
> [CLI-driven run workflow](/docs/cloud/run/cli.html). These settings are only needed when
> using Terraform CLI to interact with Terraform Cloud, and are ignored when interacting with
> Terraform Cloud via version control or the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main module of a Terraform configuration can integrate with Terraform Cloud to enable its
[CLI-driven run workflow](/docs/cloud/run/cli.html). You only need to configure these settings when you want to use Terraform CLI to interact with Terraform Cloud. Terraform Cloud ignores them when interacting with
Terraform through version control or the API.
```

> Terraform Cloud is configured with a nested `cloud` block within the top-level
> `terraform` block:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the Terraform Cloud CLI integration by adding a nested `cloud` block within the top-level
`terraform` block:
```

```hcl
terraform {
  cloud {
    organization = "example_corp"

    workspaces {
      tags = ["app"]
    }
  }
}
```

> Using the Cloud integration is mutually exclusive of declaring any [state backend](/docs/language/settings/backends/index.html); that is, a configuration
> can only declare one or the other. Similar to backends...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot use the CLI integration and a [state backend](/docs/language/settings/backends/index.html) in the same configuration; the are mutually exclusive. A configuration can only provide one `cloud` block and the `cloud` block cannot refer to named values like input variables, locals, or data source attributes.
```

> 
> - A configuration can only provide one cloud block.
> - A cloud block cannot refer to named values (like input variables, locals, or data source attributes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> See [Using Terraform Cloud](/docs/cli/cloud/index.html)
> in the Terraform CLI docs for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [Using Terraform Cloud](/docs/cli/cloud/index.html) in the Terraform CLI docs for more information.
```
